# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   autogen-ext
    #   autogenstudio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-fireworks
    #   litellm
    #   scrapegraph-py
aiohttp-retry==2.9.1
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
aiostream==0.6.4
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
alembic==1.14.1
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.45.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   httpx-ws
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autogen-agentchat==0.4.7
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogen-ext
    #   autogenstudio
autogen-core==0.4.7
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogen-agentchat
    #   autogen-ext
    #   autogenstudio
autogen-ext==0.4.7
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
autogenstudio==0.4.1.1
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
azure-ai-inference==1.0.0b8
    # via autogen-ext
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   autogen-ext
    #   azure-ai-inference
    #   azure-identity
azure-identity==1.19.0
    # via
    #   autogen-ext
    #   autogenstudio
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   cel-python
    #   courlan
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthog
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   browser-use
    #   googlesearch-python
    #   maincontentextractor
    #   markdownify
    #   markitdown
    #   readabilipy
    #   scrapegraph-py
    #   yfinance
boto3==1.36.5
    # via langchain-aws
botocore==1.36.5
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
browser-use==0.1.23
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via google-auth
cel-python==0.1.5
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   htmldate
    #   markitdown
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cobble==0.1.4
    # via mammoth
courlan==1.3.2
    # via trafilatura
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dateparser==1.2.0
    # via htmldate
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   youtube-transcript-api
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via opentelemetry-api
dill==0.3.9
    # via multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
exa-py==1.8.4
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
fastapi==0.115.7
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
fastapi-cli==0.0.7
    # via fastapi
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
fireworks-ai==0.15.12
    # via langchain-fireworks
free-proxy==1.1.3
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via yfinance
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via huggingface-hub
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.159.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
googlesearch-python==1.3.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
grpcio-tools==1.70.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
html2text==2024.2.26
    # via
    #   autogenstudio
    #   maincontentextractor
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   readabilipy
    #   yfinance
htmldate==1.9.3
    # via trafilatura
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   httpx-ws
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   autogen-ext
    #   browser-use
    #   fastapi
    #   fireworks-ai
    #   httpx-ws
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   ollama
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   fireworks-ai
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   mcp
httpx-ws==0.7.1
    # via fireworks-ai
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   opentelemetry-api
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-ai-inference
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   litellm
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   cel-python
json-repair==0.35.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
json-schema-to-pydantic==0.2.2
    # via autogen-ext
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via autogen-core
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
justext==3.0.1
    # via trafilatura
langchain==0.3.15
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   browser-use
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.4
    # via browser-use
langchain-aws==0.2.11
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   browser-use
langchain-community==0.3.15
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-fireworks
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-fireworks==0.2.6
    # via browser-use
langchain-google-genai==2.0.9
    # via browser-use
langchain-mistralai==0.2.4
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
langchain-ollama==0.2.2
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
langchain-openai==0.2.14
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   browser-use
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.5
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.67
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.10
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint-postgres
langgraph-checkpoint-postgres==2.0.13
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-sdk==0.1.51
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lark-parser==0.12.0
    # via cel-python
lazify==0.4.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
litellm==1.59.6
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
loguru==0.7.3
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   free-proxy
    #   htmldate
    #   justext
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   python-pptx
    #   readabilipy
    #   trafilatura
    #   yfinance
lxml-html-clean==0.4.1
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   lxml
maincontentextractor==0.0.4
    # via browser-use
mako==1.3.8
    # via alembic
mammoth==1.9.0
    # via markitdown
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdownify==0.14.1
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   mcp-server-fetch
markitdown==0.0.1a3
    # via autogen-ext
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.26.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mcp==1.2.1
    # via
    #   autogen-ext
    #   mcp-server-fetch
mcp-server-fetch==2025.1.17
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
minify-html==0.15.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
mpire==2.10.2
    # via semchunk
msal==1.31.1
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.17
    # via mpire
multitasking==0.0.11
    # via yfinance
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nanoid==2.0.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   autogenstudio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   markitdown
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
    #   transformers
    #   yfinance
ollama==0.4.7
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.60.0
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogen-ext
    #   exa-py
    #   langchain-fireworks
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
    #   markitdown
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via markitdown
opentelemetry-api==1.29.0
    # via autogen-core
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-checkpoint-postgres
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   markitdown
    #   yfinance
passlib==1.7.4
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
pathvalidate==3.2.3
    # via markitdown
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via markitdown
peewee==3.17.9
    # via yfinance
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   autogen-core
    #   autogen-ext
    #   fireworks-ai
    #   python-pptx
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via yfinance
playwright==1.49.1
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogen-ext
    #   browser-use
    #   undetected-playwright
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
posthog==3.9.3
    # via browser-use
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protego==0.4.0
    # via mcp-server-fetch
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   autogen-core
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   proto-plus
psycopg==3.2.4
    # via
    #   autogenstudio
    #   langgraph-checkpoint-postgres
psycopg-pool==3.2.4
    # via langgraph-checkpoint-postgres
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
puremagic==1.28
    # via markitdown
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   anthropic
    #   autogen-core
    #   autogenstudio
    #   browser-use
    #   fastapi
    #   fireworks-ai
    #   google-generativeai
    #   json-schema-to-pydantic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   mcp-server-fetch
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   scrapegraph-py
    #   sqlmodel
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
pydub==0.25.1
    # via markitdown
pyee==12.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   mpire
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via msal
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   botocore
    #   cel-python
    #   dateparser
    #   htmldate
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
    #   browser-use
    #   litellm
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   scrapegraph-py
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via fastapi
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via markitdown
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
    #   yfinance
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
    #   cel-python
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
readabilipy==0.3.0
    # via mcp-server-fetch
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   readabilipy
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   browser-use
    #   cel-python
    #   exa-py
    #   free-proxy
    #   google-api-core
    #   googlesearch-python
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-fireworks
    #   langsmith
    #   markitdown
    #   mcp-server-fetch
    #   msal
    #   posthog
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   scrapegraph-py
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   yfinance
    #   youtube-transcript-api
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.13.2
    # via fastapi-cli
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.11.2
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
scrapegraph-py==1.10.2
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
semchunk==3.0.1
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
setuptools==75.8.0
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   grpcio-tools
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simpleeval==1.0.3
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   html5lib
    #   markdownify
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
slugify==0.0.1
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
speechrecognition==3.14.1
    # via markitdown
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   sqlmodel
sqlmodel==0.0.22
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
sse-starlette==2.2.1
    # via mcp
starlette==0.45.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
structlog==25.1.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogen-ext
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
tld==0.13
    # via courlan
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   litellm
    #   transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mpire
    #   openai
    #   semchunk
    #   transformers
trafilatura==2.0.0
    # via maincontentextractor
transformers==4.48.1
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
typer==0.13.1
    # via
    #   mtxai (pyproject.toml)
    #   autogenstudio
    #   fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aiostream
    #   alembic
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   autogen-core
    #   azure-ai-inference
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   exa-py
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   python-pptx
    #   referencing
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   speechrecognition
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dateparser
undetected-playwright==0.3.0
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   cel-python
    #   courlan
    #   htmldate
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   mcp
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.0.4
    # via uvicorn
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websockets==13.1
    # via
    #   autogenstudio
    #   uvicorn
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via httpx-ws
xlsxwriter==3.2.2
    # via python-pptx
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
yfinance==0.2.52
    # via mtxai (pyproject.toml)
youtube-transcript-api==0.6.3
    # via markitdown
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
